= Antenna Tracking =

 * *Output Modes*
   * PanTilt - Sends servo settings for pan and tilt servos ranging from 0 to 3000 and is completely GCS controlled and does not require any intelligence from the tracker's microcontroller. There is a calibration (end-point setup) in the GCS which allows servo travel and full travel angle to be specified. Once calibrated, the "north" angle must simply be set at the field. This means that the GCS must be told how many degrees off north the tracker is pointing (at zero or 1500us or the middle position of the pan servo). For example, if the tracker is heading due East, then the GCS should be told "90." This offset will allow the tracker to be pointed in directions other than due north.

Current Output Format: !!!PAN:XXXX,TILT:YYYY+++ Where XXXX is pan servo micro seconds from 0000 to 3000 and YYYY is tilt server micro seconds from 0000 to 3000. These fields are fixed length at 4 characters.

Sample Source Code for this output mode can be found in the <a href='http://code.google.com/p/happykillmore-gcs/downloads/detail?name=ArduTracker%20v1.zip&can=2&q='>ArduTracker source</a> for the original ArduPilot.
   * {asp} - Air speed
   * {alt} - Current altitude
   * {wpa} - Desired waypoint altitude
   * {gsp} - Ground speed
   * {mode} - Current mode

 * Announce on Waypoint will fire any time the waypoint number changes. In the case where waypoint number is 0, the word "home" will be substituded. 
 * Sample phrase: Arrived at waypoint {wpn} at {gsp} miles per hour. Current altitude is {alt}, desired alt is {wpa}. 
 * Announce on Mode Change will fire any time the auto-pilot's mode changes.

 * Additional voices can be downloaded here: http://download.microsoft.com/download/B/4/3/B4314928-7B71-4336-9DE7-6FA4CF00B7B3/Sp5TTIntXP.exe